Fix PE-D bugs (#348)
AY2425S1-CS2103-F12-4/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

* The index **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …​

Examples:

> * `list` followed by `delete 2` deletes the 2nd person in the address book.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `list` followed by `delete 2` deletes the 2nd person in the student list.
```
should not use address book anymore

Examples:
* `list` followed by `delete 2` deletes the 2nd person in the student list.

> * `filter Bernice` followed by `delete 1` deletes the 1st person in the results of the `filter` command.

Reviewer 2: can change to filter n/Bernice
